docs: migrate rollout guides from gateway-api-inference-extension (#1552)
llm-d/llm-d: guides/rollouts/inferencepool-rollout.md

# InferencePool Rollout
The goal of this guide is to show you how to perform incremental roll out operations,
which gradually deploy new versions of your inference infrastructure.

> You can update Inference Pool with minimal service disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update InferencePool with minimal service disruption.
```
